# Machine Learning Algorithms

## Random Forest Algorithm
This algorithm builds a random forest using price indicators and classifies gold price accordingly.

[Random_forest_gold_price.ipynb](Random_forest_gold_price.ipynb)

The last part of the code plots one of the 10 trees generated by the algorithm. However, it takes time to run it.
You can see the tree here: [tree.png](tree.png)

---

## K-Means Algorithm
This algorithm is a simple unsupervised learning algorithm that classifies clients with respect to their spending and their income.
The algorithm explores the difference between the elbow method and the silhouette method, which are methods for choosing the "best" number of clusters.

[k-mean.ipynb](k-mean.ipynb)

---

## Deep Learning Algorithms
These are collections of algorithms I have used when learning deep learning. I uploaded a simple deep learning algorithm that recognizes the image of a cat (This algorithm is actually an assignment from Andrew Ng's course).

[building_a_deep_neuralnetwork.ipynb](building_a_deep_neuralnetwork.ipynb)

---


## Theoretical Framework for linear bayean regression (Work in progress)
Illustrated Linear bayesian regression concepts.
I discuss the following concepts : Root squared mean, Overfitting, Ridge Regressin, Deriving Ridge Regression from Maximum likelihood, Markov chains...
I will update the code as I progress.

- [Theoretical%20Framework%20for%20Linear%20Bayesian%20Regressions%20.ipynb](Theoretical%20Framework%20for%20Linear%20Bayesian%20Regressions%20.ipynb)

---

## Monte Carlo Simulation
Creating a Monte Carlo Simulation using Python.

- I will upload once I am done. In addition I am writing Monte Carlo Algos based on my notes. 
(Notes are on the inverse cdf transformation, rejection sampling, importance sampling)
- [My notes](./My%20notes.pdf)

---



